On page 37, Jenkins cites Michel Foucault’s work The Order of Things to illustrate the difference between word and world. Foucault in turn references a Chinese author’s definition of animal classification. Terms like “fabulous,” “stray dogs,” and “frenzied” to describe “what makes an animal. This section of the reading really reminded me of the comment I made last class about the personal context which we, as readers, and as authors, bring to a conversation. I mentioned the word “Springfield” in order to illustrate a point. As someone from Massachusetts, I think of the old industrial town in the western portion of the state. But as a student of geography, I know that there are a multitude of Springfields, municipalities, across the United States. The other Springfield I had in my mind was the fictionalized town from the television show “The Simpsons.” But didn’t I feel silly when a classmate thought of another identity for the term, the Smith and Wesson firearms company in Massachusetts. In trying to illustrate the point that we bring our own cognitive bias or association with our language, I clearly failed to make an association with a large part of the history of my own “Springfield.” The end of the Foucault exerpt really stuck with me: “the thing that… is demonstrated as the exotic charm of another system of thought, is the limitation of our own, the stark impossibility of [us] thinking that.” I got the impression that he means that we get so caught up in our own definitions, our own perceptions, that we miss what is obvious to others. It is as if we cannot see other people’s forests because of our own trees. 
The other point that I wanted to address was, as an Anthropology student, I have had a difficult time separating my own historical analysis from the Marxist school of thought when looking at situations even outside of the realm of strict anthropological study. With that being said, Jenkins assertion “truth is dependent on somebody having the power to make it true.” (38) I don’t find it coincidental that I am identifying with the works of Foucault over Jenkins in this work. Foucault, as an anthropologist, seems much more approachable to me that Jenkins’ waxing diatribes. I find his style cumbersome; especially in that in order to explain his view he will start with the most obscure example or illustration, then finally making his argument with a simplistic allusion.
